Dre: As a parent, you want
to protect your baby
from everything.
Like stairs...
Poison...
And White people
trying to touch their hair.
It's beautiful.
But once
they hit middle school,
the biggest thing you have
to protect them from
is themselves.
Jack: Jack Johnson,
cinnamon challenge, 2019.
Esskeetit!
Damn it, Jack!
I'm Jack Johnson,
and this is
the flu season challenge.
Esskeetit.
Damn it, Jack!
2019 Nitro Circus
Challenge!
Esskeetit!
Damn it, Jack!
Did I esskeetit?
So I was on high-alert
for situations where Jack
could get himself into trouble.
Guess who got
new outfits
for the school
dance!
I don't know why she does that.
It's me and Jack.
It's gonna be
so much fun.
Mm-hmm.
No. It's not.
Because
I'm chaperoning.
Esskeetit! Esskeetit!
Esskeetit!
I-I'll pay you $50 cash
if you don't chaperone.
You protesting
only tells me
that you plan on doing
some dirt at the dance.
You played yourself.
Damn it, Jack.
Okay, Dad,
if you're not going
to back out of it for him,
just do it for me.
If you show up dancing
and being all you,
the kids at school
will treat me like Jack.
Baby girl, we all
have a price to pay for Jack,
and sadly,
this is yours.
It's the Jack Tax.
Mom...
Don't worry sweetie.
I got you.
Thank you.
So glad I have
one parent who gets it.
Hey.
Come on, Jack.
Let's go try on your outfit,
and I'll tell you
what's gonna get you roasted
at the dance. Let's go.
I think his outfit
is very nice.
Dre, I think maybe
you should pass
on the chaperoning.
I don't want you
to embarrass Diane.
I get that, but
I'm worried about Jack.
I know.
Someone needs
to be around
to keep an eye on him
during his experimental phase,
especially at
a private school dance
where there's drugs,
alcohol,
and all kinds
of other stuff.
You're right. You should be
there to look out for Jack.
Thank you.
But you cannot --
under any
circumstances --
dance.
What?
I will not
let you embarrass Diane.
But what if
they play my jam?
No.
What if
there's a circle
with no one
in the middle?
No.
What if the spotlight
hits me just right?
No!
Fine!
I won't dance!
Thank you.
But just know --
you have robbed
these kids of beauty.
♪ Unh ♪
Mm.
Okay, date night!
What do you
want to watch?
Let's say what we want
to watch at the same time.
Both: "A Star is Born."
Oh, God,
I love us.
Listen, have you --
Hey, hey, hey!
Make room for Jesus.
Mm-hmm.
Mnh-mnh!
Jesus likes to stretch out.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah,
well, that's more like it.
And, Junior, have you seen
Devante's Bubbasnug?
I'm asking 'cause
you're really the only one
looking after that child.
Bubbasnug?
It's a blankie
and pacifier in one.
Genius collab. He had it
when we were at the par--
Oh, no.
We must have left it there.
He can't fall asleep
without it.
Aw, poor little guy.
It's his favorite thing
in the world.
We have to go back
and look for it.
Let me grab my stuff.
Okay.
And then we can
get back to doing
what we were doing.
You better not get back
to doing what you were doing.
Mm-hmm. 'Cause Black Jesus
sees you everywhere!
Uh-huh.
So my plan
was to lock down Jack
and not embarrass Diane,
as if I even could.
Hello, Jack's dad.
Hello, Diane.
You don't know me,
and I don't know you.
Yes, just continue
to lay low for me,
or even leave.
Whatever feels right.
Okay.
She doesn't get it,
but I bet you're glad
I'm here.
Always happy to have
a parent help out.
Yeah, well, but these other
parents aren't like me.
I know the difference
between a flash drive
and a
vape pen.
Do you?
Flash drive.
This is the key
to my Civic, Mr. Johnson.
Okay.
Is that
a glitter bomb?
No,
it's two
glitter bombs.
So, what are
you boys doing?
Nothing.
Yeah, these are --
are --
are dance s-sticks.
Really?
Give them to me.
Ha! So you thought
you could pull one over on me?
Please.
I'm undefeated
against children.
Esskeetit!
DJ: Uh-oh!
Look like we got
a parent on the floor!
♪ Let me see you
pop them things ♪
♪ Shake your...
doo doo brown ♪
Oh, that's --
that's my jam.
Come on, Dad.
You know you want it.
No, no, no,
no, no, man.
Let the kids dance.
It's their night.
♪ I wanna rock my man ♪
♪ I wan',
I wanna rock my man ♪
♪ I wanna rock my man ♪
Uh, maybe
it's my night, too.
All right,
come on, y'all!
Come on! Ha, ha!
It's a party now!
Come on, party!
Party!
♪ Man, man,
m-m-m-man ♪
God is real.
♪ Let me hear you say ♪
♪ "Hey, hey, and more hey" ♪
Come on. Ride the pony!
Come on!
Ride the pony! Come on!
Ride the pony!
Ha, ha!
♪ Let me hear you say ♪
Come on!
Whoo! Yeah!
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
♪ Doo doo brown ♪
Diane?
Man, why'd you
make me dance?
Diane!
I'm sorry
I embarrassed you!
♪ Shake your things, baby ♪
♪ Shake, shake
them things, baby ♪
Diane?
Dad?!
Noooooo!
Mr. Johnson,
I'm concerned about
your abilities as a chaperone.
So am I.
Mason: No one feels
like talking, huh?
That's okay.
I'm totally fine with silence.
Dr. Goldberg says I don't
have to narrate everything.
Hey, did you hear
that there were
some kids making out?
I wonder if there's
some pictures of that.
That'd be nice to see.
Oh, but then again,
I also think that
young lovers deserve privacy.
Mason?
Mm-hmm?
How about we,
uh, don't talk?
You got it.
Does this car
have air bags?
Mason, I said
please don't talk!
Hi!
Dre: Go upstairs, and don't
come out until I figure out
what to do
with both of you.
Go!
What happened?
Why are you back so soon,
and why -- why do you
have pit stains?
Did you dance?
You know
who you married.
I'm never
gonna dance again.
Your son set off
a glitter bomb...
...and your daughter --
your --
your daughter,
she broke my heart.
How?
I saw her
kissing a boy!
Oh!
That is so exciting!
Oh, my God!
What a moment!
It's not a moment, Bow!
It was gross.
Oh, come on.
It was
a head-wobbling,
open-mouth,
public slob down.
How long
were you watching?
Long enough.
I saw everything.
Damn it! I should've
never got that LASIK.
Dre,
Diane kissing a boy
is normal
and healthy.
We -- We should be
excited for her,
not shaming her.
That does not
even sound right, Bow!
What?
Public kissing is
how a girl gets a reputation.
Oh, my God.
And it's my job to make sure
she does not become "that girl."
That kind of talk
is going to make her feel
ashamed about her body
and about kissing and
about natural exploration.
Will you please
stop talking, Bow?
No, you stop
talking, Dre!
I am gonna go
and reassure Diane
about this exciting
and special night
that you have made
very, very weird.
Unbelievable.
Diane,
Mommy's coming!
I'm Devante.
I'm a toddler.
The natural flow of the park
sends me in...
this direction!
Come on, Bubbasnug.
Ah, boom!
Found it!
Really?
No-- Oh, it's just
a gently used diaper.
Okay, that's the third diaper
you've found.
Can we just run
and get him a new pacifier?
Pacifier?
You think I've been
acting like a jerk
for a pacifier?
No, he needs
his Bubbasnug.
You know
what we should do?
Break into the Bubbasnug
factory...
Get in the car...
...in Fontana.
...and go home.
I thought we were
gonna say the same thing.
Look, Junior,
I haven't said anything,
but every date night,
something like this
comes up.
Last week, we missed
the burger pop-up
because you had
to watch Devante.
Dad had
Clipper tickets.
Against Charlotte!
He needed a night!
So do we!
I blew off my friends
to hang out with you.
I don't care about
this stupid Bubbasnug.
Wow. That says it all.
That says what?
That you're like that.
That I'm "like" what?
Hi.
Is Dad ever gonna
talk to me again?
Of course he is.
Your dad and I
are so excited for you.
That's not true.
He wouldn't look at me
the whole way home.
Honey, look,
your dad is just hung up
on the fact that he still
sees you as his little girl.
But, sweetheart,
what you did is completely
natural for a kid your age.
Seriously.
And I'm here so you can tell me
all about it, okay?
I'm your
sounding board.
Okay.
So, what's his name?
Jalen.
Jalen!
What?
He sounds so cute.
Is he cute?
Yeah.
I knew it.
I have never known
an ugly Jalen. What else?
He's in eighth grade.
Okay.
He's on the debate team.
That's how we met.
So he's smart.
Mm-hmm.
Nice. I love it.
What else?
Well, he's the lead
in the spring musical.
Show biz.
Okay, okay.
So, how did
this whole thing unfold?
Well, we met up
at the dance...
Okay.
Hey, Diane.
Hi.
You look great.
Thanks.
You, too.
Yeah,
but you look better.
...and...
then we kissed.
Oh, my God.
Are you okay?
Yes, tell me more.
So Bow was trying to get me
to see Diane in a new light,
but I was struggling.
It was my instinct
to protect my little girl,
find out who this boy was,
and how long
it had been going on.
But maybe Bow was right.
Nope. Bow was wrong.
Who is the boy?!
What is his name?!
Uh-uh-uh,
I don't know!
Uh-uh-uh, figure it out,
Glitter Bomber!
You are staring at six months
hard no-screen time.
I'm not rolling over
on my twin.
So you're good with
not being able to upload
your idiotic
challenge videos.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
th-that's my brand.
Give...me...a...name!!
Okay, okay, Jalen --
Jalen Hunter!
Good.
Now, how long
has this been going on?
Uh, I don't know,
probably since
she and Ricky broke up.
Ricky?
There's another boy?!
Oh, God.
I've said too much.
Oh, she's gonna kill me and
make it look like an accident.
Oh, you've got to tell her
I-I didn't break easy,
pl--please --
Shut up!
Eight months
no screen time now.
We don't like snitches.
What?
Damn it, Jack.
Well, excuse me for
being a Black man in America
trying to do right
by a kid who's not my own.
Exactly!
He's not your own.
I didn't sign up
to date a single father.
Didn't sign up
for this?
Wow. It -- It feels like
you've had that one
loaded up
for a while.
You know what?
I don't think
this is gonna work out.
This is so nice.
Mm-hmm.
Just sitting here,
relating,
being in
your safe space.
Thanks, Mom.
Yeah.
You know, all my friends
are jealous of me.
Jealous of the bond
that we have.
It's about honesty
and keeping
that door open.
Mm-hmm.
What is that?
Dad?!
Dre, what are you
doing?!
I'm doing what I need to do
to protect my daughter.
And that means
no more privacy,
because it's clearly
shown to me
that you've had
too much of it!
All she did
was kiss a boy.
Oh, really?
Did she tell you
about Ricky?
Who's Ricky?
Sweetheart?
Sweetie? Who --
Who's Ricky?!
He was a guy
I used to hang out with.
Okay,
wait a minute.
Did you
or did you not
have your first kiss
with Jalen?
I mean...
I can't believe this!
You let me believe
that Jalen
was your first kiss!
What else
are you not telling me?
Mom, it's not
like that.
So you didn't have a boyfriend
that you kept hidden from us?
I mean...
Oh, my God.
I thought
we were connecting!
I thought I was
your safe space!
Hold my gun, Bow.
Hold my gun.
Okay, Diane.
This is it!
No more boys!
No more privacy!
You are living your life
out in the open.
You are living
in piles now, young lady!
Mom, are you really
going to let him do this?!
Yes, I am!
And I am gonna get involved.
No more safe spaces
for you.
You give me
your phone.
It's right there.
Give me your burner.
What's a burner?
Don't insult me.
Come on!
I can't believe
it's come to this.
What?
I don't want to go through
Diane's phone.
W-Why did we never have
this problem with Zoey?
That's because Zoey
never kissed a boy.
You know Zoey's done
a lot more than kiss a boy.
Mnh-mnh.
We had a huge fight
about it
last year, Dre.
You know what?
I blocked that
entire period from my memory.
Of course you did.
Lost a lot of things.
Like, I can't remember
who won March Madness
or Devante's first steps,
but you know what?
It was worth it.
Maybe it's because
Zoey always acted
like she had everything
under control, you know?
She -- Like,
she never needed my help,
but Diane always comes to me
with this kind of stuff.
Okay, baby, if she's not
gonna talk to you,
maybe we should
just lock her down.
What?
She is just
a little girl.
Dre...
Is she?
She's 13.
When I was 13,
I was managing an Arby's.
Yeah. We baby our kids
longer than we used to.
The twins
are our babies.
They were your babies.
That's your problem.
You keep seeing them
for who they were,
not for who they are.
Now, they're in
separate rooms.
Diane's had her period,
and Jack has
a training mustache.
You know what?
You're right.
I know the kids
are getting older,
and I'm okay with that.
I just --
I just wish Diane
wouldn't keep these kinds
of things from me.
Oh, so when you were
her age,
you told your mom about
all the boys you were with?
Oh, no.
And you're still
close with her...
Yeah.
...even though
she's terrible.
Oh, my God.
Look, I don't know
if I can keep her safe
if she doesn't
tell us stuff.
If y'all keep
acting all crazy,
she's gonna
tell you less.
Now, like it or not,
she's gonna have a door,
and it's up to y'all
whether it's the door
to her room
or the door
to her heart.
Okay?
Mm.
What are you doing?
Why are you reading?
Jack:
Dad banned me
from screens,
so I got into
Grandma's books.
Mm.
Did you know that women
have rich inner lives?
And a married man's
never gonna leave his wife?
You know, Jack?
I, too, have been
waiting to exhale.
Niecy dumped me.
Hang on.
Let me get into
real-talk position.
You know,
I don't know what went --
I don't know
what went wr--
Proceed.
I don't know
what went wrong, you know?
I took her to the park
in the middle of the night,
we hopped in the sand,
and I made her look
for Devante's Bubbasnug
for two and a half hours.
Mm.
Huh, you know, now that
I put it all together,
I was being
a little crazy.
I'm gonna call her
and patch it up.
No, no, no, no.
You weren't being crazy.
You were
just being Junior.
Are you going to be
somebody else just for her?
Look...
when Gloria finally found
a man that accepted her
for who she was,
she found happiness.
That's what
I want for you.
I want that for me.
Then what
you need to do
is put that phone down
and get into these books,
playboy.
Knock, knock.
That's what
it would sound like
if I didn't
take your door off.
Well, I'm not hiding
anything in this pile.
I'm just trying to find
a shirt to sleep in.
Baby girl, I'm sorry
I went a little nuts.
Me, too.
Just, we thought
we had more time.
But you're --
you're a young woman now,
and there's gonna be things
in your life
that I'm not
a part of.
Like kissing.
Well...
it wasn't kissing, babe.
Please focus.
I can't get it
out of my mind.
That's not what
we're here to do. All right?
Okay.
Okay. Sweetheart.
We just need
open communication,
and we can
accept that
you're not gonna
tell us everything.
But I really
want you to know
that you can
tell us anything.
Okay?
Okay.
I hear you,
and I'll do better.
Okay.
And I promise
I will talk to...Mom.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. Definitely.
That's definitely
the better way to go.
Works for me.
Mm-hmm.
You know, I think
I was actually
mad at you
for growing up.
That's not your fault.
I can't stop time, baby girl.
I'm sorry.
I love you.
Okay?
Okay.
Mm.
And here's
your phone.
Jalen texted you
four times...
Oh!
...to see
if you're okay.
He might be
a keeper.
Okay. And since you're
old enough to kiss a boy,
you are old enough
to put your door
back on yourself.
I've done it before.
It's fine.
Yeah, I'll get
the drill for you.
You know how to put
a door on?
Mm-hmm.
Where'd
you learn that?
I was wrong, Dre!
You should have danced!
You should always dance!
Aah!
What you have
to ask yourself...
...is this your dream
or mine?